The opposite of cache only of course network only, there
we don't use the service worker at all,
instead the page sends a request to the network and we return that and we could funnel this through the fetch
event of a service worker. We had this at the very beginning of the course where all we did in the service
worker was basically respond with a fetch request,
you remember? I will show you how to implement it in the service worker because without the service worker,
it's your normal behavior,
just don't use service workers if that is the only thing you want to do.
Let's have a look at how we would implement it in a service worker though. In a service worker,
I'll just copy the cache only strategy here and I will disable it
by commenting it out and implement the network only strategy. Here we don't use the cache storage API,
instead we make a fetch request where we simply pass event request and then we return that.
Now when we do this, let's save this and go back to the application, reload to install the new service worker
and then close the tab and open a new one to see it in action.
Now the application is working again just as before,
of course now this has nothing to do with service workers.
We do have a cache,
you can see it if I refresh here, we do do
pre-cache but we don't use that,
if I go offline, nothing is going to work because we never reach out to the cache,
we only use the network first.
Now does this strategy make sense?
Not really,
just don't use any event listener at all
if all you want to do is make a network request. Again, this could make sense for some resources which
you split up later when you do parse the incoming request to funnel some through to just return the
network result but standalone, this doesn't make much sense.